NAME 

  addecho - create a new WAV file with echo from an existing WAV file. 


SYNOPSIS
	adecho [-d delay] [-v volume_scale] sourcewav destwavd


DESCRIPTION (200 - 400 words)

The addecho() function takes an existing wav file and creates a new WAV file that has echo added to it. The result of the echo affect is controlled by two parameters: delay and volume_scale. The delay argument -d, specified the amount of samples to wait before mixing-in the echoing copy of the sound with the original copy of the input WAV file. The volume_scale argument -v specified the amount of volume needed to be scale down from the echoing copy of the original input WAV file. For example, a setting of 2 for volume_scale means to divide the volume of the original sound by 2 when producing the echo. Wav files are binary files. Sourcewav indicates the mono wav sound file that already exists, and destwav is the new mono output wav file to create that includes the echo. 	

If an argument is missing:

If the first argument is not provided, the argument -d specified by delay will be set to the defaul value 8000. If the second argument is not provided, the argument -v specified by volume_scale will be set to the default value of 4. 


-d,  delay
          tells us how many samples to wait before mixing-in the echoing copy of the sound with the original copy of the sound.

-v,  volumescale
          The amount by which to scale down the volume of the echoing copy of the sound. For example, a setting of 2 for               volume_scale means to divide the volume of the original sound by 2 when producing the echo

sourcewav
      stereo wav sound file that already exists

destwav
      new stereo output wav file to be created that has echo


RETURN VALUES
	Upon successful return, the function returns:
	0 - if successful,
  	1 - if minor problem (e.g., cannot access file),
	2 - if major problem (e.g., cannot access command -line.).


EXAMPLES 
  1. Addes echo to door.wav with delay 12000 and volumescale of 4, creating door_12000_4.wav.
  addecho   -d 12000   -v 4   door.wav  door_12000_4.wav


  2. Addes echo to door.wav with delay 12000 and volumescale of 2, creating door_12000_2.wav
  addecho   -d 12000   -v 2   door.wav   door_12000_2.wav. 


WARNINGS
	File size: 
		The Maximum size for a wav file is 4GiB

BUGS 

